docs: add more information about GN build configs (#20154)
electron/electron: docs/development/build-instructions-gn.md

## Building

> There are three different build configurations you can potentially set up - `Debug`, `Testing`, and `Release`.

Reviewer: Should we explain what the difference is between these? How should people choose?

Reviewer: this is still a relevant, unaddressed comment

> In your setup, you should replace `OUT_DIR` with your desired build configuration of either `Debug`, `Testing`, and `Release`, and `out_dir.gn` correspondingly with `debug.gn`, `testing.gn` or `release.gn`.

Reviewer 2: Maybe instead of `out_dir.gn` use `build_type.gn`
```suggestion
In your setup, you should replace `OUT_DIR` with your desired build configuration of either `Debug`, `Testing`, and `Release`, and `build_type.gn` correspondingly with `debug.gn`, `testing.gn` or `release.gn`.
```

On Unix-based machines:
```sh
$ cd src
$ export CHROMIUM_BUILDTOOLS_PATH=`pwd`/buildtools
# this next line is needed only if building with sccache
$ export GN_EXTRA_ARGS="${GN_EXTRA_ARGS} cc_wrapper=\"${PWD}/electron/external_binaries/sccache\""

> $ gn gen out/OUT_DIR --args="import(\"//electron/build/args/out_dir.gn\") $GN_EXTRA_ARGS"

Reviewer 3: I kinda liked being able to just copy-paste these.  Is there a way we can retain the COPY_PASTE nature? maybe using an env var?

Author: i don't disagree - what i've noticed though is that people will copy paste these things and not understand why they're doing that, so no one ends up using the testing build even though that makes more sense in a lot of cases 🤔

> $ gn gen out/OUT_DIR --args="import(\"//electron/build/args/build_type.gn\") $GN_EXTRA_ARGS"

Reviewer: I don't like that this is no longer copy-pasteable. I'd prefer something like:
```suggestion
$ gn gen out/Debug --args="import(\"//electron/build/args/debug.gn\") $GN_EXTRA_ARGS"
# or, for a Testing build:
$ gn gen out/Testing --args="import(\"//electron/build/args/testing.gn\") $GN_EXTRA_ARGS"
```

This will generate a build directory `out/Debug` under `src/` with
debug build configuration. You can replace `Debug` with another name,
but it should be a subdirectory of `out`.

You shouldn't have to run `gn gen` again — if you want to change the
build arguments, you can run `gn args out/Debug` to bring up an editor.

To see the list of available build configuration options, run `gn args

> out/Debug` --list`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
out/Debug --list`.
```

$ ninja -C out/Debug electron
```

For the testing configuration:
```sh
$ ninja -C out/Testing electron
```

For the release configuration:
```sh
$ ninja -C out/Release electron
```

This will take a while - you're building the `content/` directory of Chromium as well as all of

> its dependencies, including WebKit and V8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
its dependencies, including Blink and V8.
```

To speed up subsequent builds, you can use [sccache][sccache]. Add the GN arg

> `cc_wrapper = "sccache"` by running `gn args out/Debug`(where Debug could also be Testing, or Release) to bring up an editor and adding a line to the end of the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cc_wrapper = "sccache"` by running `gn args out/Debug` (or `out/Testing`, or `out/Release`, depending on what configuration you're using) to bring up an editor and adding a line to the end of the file.
```

[sccache]: https://github.com/mozilla/sccache

> The built executable will be under `./out/Debug` (where `Debug` could also be Testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The built executable will be under `./out/Debug` (where `Debug` could also be `Testing`
```

> or Release).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or `Release`).
```

```sh

> # on Mac:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# on Mac
```
